Left COURSE Display 
and Rotary
Used to select the desired VOR radial for the captain’s EHSI. This works in 
conjunction with the VOR selected using the pilot’s EHSI Control Panel.
Auto Throttle Switch
This switch is used in conjunction with the IAS / MACH Rotary and Display.
Use this switch to toggle the Auto Throttle on, or off.
When Auto Throttle is engaged, the autopilot has command of the throttles, and 
will govern the airspeed according to the value indicated by the IAS / MACH 
Display.
C/O Toggle Toggles the IAS / MACH display units between Knots and Mach-number
IAS / MACH Display
and Rotary
When used in conjunction with the Speed Button, and Auto-Throttle, the autopilot 
will govern the speed according to this value.
VNAV Button VNAV (Vertical Navigation). The autopilot / autothrottle will follow the vertical 
components of your flight plan.
Heading Display and 
Rotary
This display is used in conjunction with the HEADING Rotary. When Heading Select mode is engaged, the autopilot will steer the aircraft according to the value 
displayed here.
Use the Rotary Control outer ring to adjust the bank angle / rate of turn.
Use the Rotary Control inner ring to adjust the heading.
LNAV Button LNAV (Lateral Navigation). The autopilot will follow the lateral components of 
your flight plan.
Altitude Display and 
Rotary
Used in conjunction with the Altitude Hold Button and Vertical Speed Button.
When Altitude Hold is engaged, the autopilot will immediately level-off, and the 
level-off altitude will be displayed here.
When Vertical Speed mode is engaged, the autopilot will ascend, or descend at 
the desired rate, until reaching the altitude displayed here, at which point it will 
level-off.
Vertical Speed 
Display and Rotary
When VS (Vertical Speed) Mode is engaged, the autopilot will govern the rate of 
ascent, or descent, according to this value.A/P ENGAGE
The CMD buttons are used to engage the autopilot, noting there are two separate 
and identical systems – A, and B. Note that, after engaging the autopilot, the 
desired mode must still be selected subsequently.
Systems A and B are normally engaged exclusively. However, when in ‘auto-land’ 
mode, both are typically engaged together, to provide redundancy in case of 
failure.
The CWS buttons are used to engage Control Wheel Steering mode, whereby the 
autopilot will allow the pilot to make inputs using the control wheel, after which it 
will hold the resulting attitude.
CMD / A – Engages Autopilot A
CMD / B – Engages Autopilot B
CWS / A – Engages Autopilot A in Control Wheel Steering mode
CWS / B – Engages Autopilot B in Control Wheel Steering mode
Right Course Display 
and Rotary
Used to select the desired VOR radial for the first-officer’s EHSI. This works in 
conjunction with the VOR selected using the first-officer’s EHSI Control Panel.
First-officer’s
Flight Director 
Switch
Use this switch to toggle the ‘Flight Director’ display on, or off for the first-officer’s 
EADI.
The flight director computes and displays the proper pitch and bank angles
required for the aircraft to follow the desired flight plan.
The flight-crew can manually fly the aircraft according to the flight plan - by 
aligning the attitude indicator with the Flight Director pitch and bank command 
bars.
Autopilot Disengage Click this button to disengage the autopilot and return full manual control to the 
flight crew.
VS Button
Click this button to engage Vertical Speed Mode. Used in conjunction with the 
auto-throttle, the autopilot will govern the rate of ascent, or descent, according to 
the value indicated by the Vertical Speed Display.
ALT Hold Button Click this button to engage Altitude Hold Mode. The autopilot will level-off and 
hold the current altitude.
VOR / LOC Button
Click this button to engage VOR or Localizer Mode. The autopilot will steer the 
aircraft laterally to intercept and track the VOR radial, or ILS localizer that is 
selected via the active Nav radio.
APP Button User in conjunction with the auto-throttle and NAV-1 radio to activate a localizer or 
ILS approach.
HDG Select Button Click this button to engage Heading Mode. The autopilot will steer according to 
the Heading Display / EHSI heading bug.
LVL CHG Button
Click this button to engage Vertical Speed Mode. Used in conjunction with the 
auto-throttle, the autopilot will maintain the current airspeed while ascending, or 
descending to the selected altitude.
Speed Button Click this button to engage Speed Mode. Used in conjunction with the auto-throttle, the autopilot will maintain airspeed according to the IAS / MACH Display.
N1 Button (Not currently supported). In the real aircraft, this button causes the auto-throttles 
to advance to a pre-defined limit N1 (turbine) limit expressed using the FMC.
Pilot’s
Flight Director 
Switch
Use this switch to toggle the ‘Flight Director’ display on, or off for the first-officer’s 
EADI.
The flight director computes and displays the proper pitch and bank angles
required for the aircraft to follow the desired flight plan.
The flight-crew can manually fly the aircraft according to the flight plan - by 
aligning the attitude indicator with the Flight Director pitch and bank command 
bars